cloud: Support billing from cloud provider (#11440)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing.md

3. Click **Contract**. The contract list is displayed.
4. Click **Download**, **Accept**, or **Reject** according to your need.

To learn more about contracts, feel free to [contact our sales](https://www.pingcap.com/contact-us/).

## Billing from AWS Marketplace or Google Cloud Marketplace

If you are the owner or billing administrator of your organization, you can link your TiDB Cloud account to an AWS billing account or Google Cloud billing account. Otherwise, skip this section.

If you are new to TiDB Cloud and do not have a TiDB Cloud account, you can sign up for a TiDB Cloud account through [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace) or [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://cloud.google.com/marketplace), and pay the usage via the AWS or GCP billing account.

If you already have a TiDB Cloud account, you can link the account to an AWS or GCP billing account.

> The following sections introduce how to link your TiDB Cloud account to an AWS or GCP billing account to TiDB Cloud. For more details about signing up through Marketplaces, refer to [Create a TiDB Cloud account](/tidb-cloud/create-tidb-cluster.md#step-1-create-a-tidb-cloud-account).

Reviewer: move the reference to Line 197?

### Link to an AWS billing account

To link your TiDB account to an AWS billing account, take the following steps:

> 1. Open the [AWS Marketplace page](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace), search for `TiDB Cloud` and select **TiDB Cloud** in the search results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the [AWS Marketplace page](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace), search for `TiDB Cloud` and select **TiDB Cloud** in the search results. The TiDB Cloud product page is displayed.
```

> 2. On the TiDB Cloud product page, click **Continue to Subscribe**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the TiDB Cloud product page, click **Continue to Subscribe**. An order page is displayed.
```

> 3. On the TiDB Cloud order page, click **Subscribe**, and then click **Set Up your Account** to go to the TiDB Cloud sign-up page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the order page, click **Subscribe**, and then click **Set Up your Account**. You are directed to the TiDB Cloud sign-up page.
```

> 4. On the top notification block of the TiDB Cloud sign-up page, click **Sign in** to link TiDB Cloud to your AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. See the notification in the upper part of the sign-up page and click **Sign in**.
```

> 

Reviewer: 5. Sign in with your TiDB Cloud account. The **Link to Your AWS Billing Account** page is displayed.

> 5. On the **Link to Your AWS Billing Account** page, select an existing organization and click **Link** to link with your AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. On the **Link to Your AWS Billing Account** page, select an existing organization and click **Link** to link to your AWS billing account.
```

3. Click **Contract**. The contract list is displayed.
4. Click **Download**, **Accept**, or **Reject** according to your need.

To learn more about contracts, feel free to [contact our sales](https://www.pingcap.com/contact-us/).

## Billing from AWS Marketplace or Google Cloud Marketplace

If you are the owner or billing administrator of your organization, you can link your TiDB Cloud account to an AWS billing account or Google Cloud billing account. Otherwise, skip this section.

> If you are new to TiDB Cloud and do not have a TiDB Cloud account, you can sign up for a TiDB Cloud account through [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace) or [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://cloud.google.com/marketplace), and pay the usage via the AWS or GCP billing account. For more details, refer to [Create a TiDB Cloud account](/tidb-cloud/create-tidb-cluster.md#step-1-create-a-tidb-cloud-account).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are new to TiDB Cloud and do not have a TiDB Cloud account, you can sign up for a TiDB Cloud account through [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace) or [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://cloud.google.com/marketplace), and pay for the usage via the AWS or GCP billing account. For more details, refer to [Create a TiDB Cloud account](/tidb-cloud/create-tidb-cluster.md#step-1-create-a-tidb-cloud-account).
```

If you already have a TiDB Cloud account, you can link the account to an AWS or GCP billing account.

The following sections introduce how to link your TiDB Cloud account to an AWS or GCP billing account.

> ### Link to an AWS billing account

Reviewer 2: Can we use simpletab for the AWS and Google Cloud instead of two sections?

> To link your TiDB account to an AWS billing account, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link your TiDB Cloud account to an AWS billing account, take the following steps:
```

1. Open the [AWS Marketplace page](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace), search for `TiDB Cloud` and select **TiDB Cloud** in the search results. The TiDB Cloud product page is displayed.

2. On the TiDB Cloud product page, click **Continue to Subscribe**. An order page is displayed.

3. On the order page, click **Subscribe**, and then click **Set Up your Account**. You are directed to the TiDB Cloud sign-up page.

4. See the notification in the upper part of the sign-up page and click **Sign in**.

5. Sign in with your TiDB Cloud account. The **Link to Your AWS Billing Account** page is displayed.

6. On the **Link to Your AWS Billing Account** page, select an existing organization and click **Link** to link to your AWS billing account.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > If your organization already has a payment method in TiDB Cloud, the existing payment method for this organization will be replaced by the newly added AWS billing account.

### Link to a Google Cloud billing account

> To link your TiDB account to a Google Cloud billing account, take the following steps:

Author: ```suggestion
To link your TiDB Cloud account to a Google Cloud billing account, take the following steps:
```

1. Open the [Google Cloud Marketplace page](https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace), search for `TiDB Cloud` and select **TiDB Cloud** in the search results. The TiDB Cloud product page is displayed.

2. On the TiDB Cloud product page, click **Subscribe**. A subscription page is displayed.

> 3. On the subscription page, click **Subscribe**, and then click **GO TO PRODUCT PAGE**. You are directed to the TiDB Cloud sign-up page.

Author: ```suggestion
3. On the subscription page, click **Subscribe**, and then click **Go to product page**. You are directed to the TiDB Cloud sign-up page.
```
@TomShawn PTAL https://developers.google.com/style/ui-elements?hl=en

Reviewer: LGTM

> 4. See the notification in the upper part of the sign-up page and click **Sign in**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Check the notification in the upper part of the sign-up page and click **Sign in**.
```

3. Click **Contract**. The contract list is displayed.
4. Click **Download**, **Accept**, or **Reject** according to your need.

To learn more about contracts, feel free to [contact our sales](https://www.pingcap.com/contact-us/).

> ## Billing from cloud provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Billing from AWS Marketplace or Google Cloud Marketplace
```

> If you are the owner of the organization, you can link your cloud provider billing account to TiDB Cloud. Otherwise, skip this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are the owner of an organization, you can link your AWS billing account or Google Cloud billing account to TiDB Cloud. Otherwise, skip this section.
```

> If you are the owner of an organization, you can link your AWS billing account or Google Cloud billing account to TiDB Cloud. Otherwise, skip this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are the owner or billing administrator of your organization, you can link your AWS billing account or Google Cloud billing account to TiDB Cloud. Otherwise, skip this section.
```

> If you are the owner or billing administrator of your organization, you can link your AWS billing account or Google Cloud billing account to TiDB Cloud. Otherwise, skip this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are the owner or billing administrator of your organization, you can link your TiDB Cloud account to an AWS billing account or Google Cloud billing account. Otherwise, skip this section.
```

> You can sign up for a TiDB Cloud account through [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace) or [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://cloud.google.com/marketplace), and you can pay the usage via the cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to TiDB Cloud and do not have a TiDB Cloud account, you can sign up for a TiDB Cloud account through [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace) or [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://cloud.google.com/marketplace), and pay the usage via the AWS or GCP billing account.
```

> TiDB Cloud account can be signed up through [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace) or [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://cloud.google.com/marketplace), and you can pay the usage via the cloud provider. For an existing TiDB Cloud account, you can link a cloud provider (AWS or GCP) billing account to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can sign up for a TiDB Cloud account through [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace) or [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://cloud.google.com/marketplace), and you can pay the usage via the cloud provider.

You can also link a cloud provider (AWS or GCP) billing account to an existing TiDB Cloud account.
```

> If you are new to TiDB Cloud and do not have a TiDB Cloud account, you can sign up for a TiDB Cloud account through [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace) or [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://cloud.google.com/marketplace), and pay the usage via the AWS or GCP billing account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to TiDB Cloud and do not have a TiDB Cloud account, you can sign up for a TiDB Cloud account through [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace) or [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://cloud.google.com/marketplace), and pay the usage via the AWS or GCP billing account. For more details, refer to [Create a TiDB Cloud account](/tidb-cloud/create-tidb-cluster.md#step-1-create-a-tidb-cloud-account).
```

> You can also link a cloud provider (AWS or GCP) billing account to an existing TiDB Cloud account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have a TiDB Cloud account, you can link the account to an AWS or GCP billing account.
```

> The following sections introduce how to link a cloud provider's billing account to TiDB Cloud. For more details about signing up through Marketplaces, refer to [Create a TiDB Cloud account](/tidb-cloud/create-tidb-cluster.md#step-1-create-a-tidb-cloud-account).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections introduce how to link an AWS or GCP billing account to TiDB Cloud. For more details about signing up through Marketplaces, refer to [Create a TiDB Cloud account](/tidb-cloud/create-tidb-cluster.md#step-1-create-a-tidb-cloud-account).
```

> The following sections introduce how to link an AWS or GCP billing account to TiDB Cloud. For more details about signing up through Marketplaces, refer to [Create a TiDB Cloud account](/tidb-cloud/create-tidb-cluster.md#step-1-create-a-tidb-cloud-account).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections introduce how to link your TiDB Cloud account to an AWS or GCP billing account.
```

> To link an AWS billing account to an existing TiDB Cloud, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link an AWS billing account to an existing TiDB Cloud account, take the following steps:
```

1. Log in to the [AWS Management Console](https://aws.amazon.com/console/).

> 2. Navigate to the [AWS Marketplace page](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace).

Reviewer: Can we just say "Open the AWS Marketplace page and log in"?

> 1. Open the [AWS Marketplace page](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace) and log in.
> 
> 2. Search for `TiDB Cloud` and select **TiDB Cloud** in the search results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace), search for `TiDB Cloud`, and select **TiDB Cloud** in the search results.
```

> 3. On the TiDB Cloud product page, click **Continue to Subscribe**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the TiDB Cloud product page, click **Continue to Subscribe**. An order page is displayed.
```

> 5. On the TiDB Cloud order page, click **Subscribe**, and then click **Set Up your Account** to go to the TiDB Cloud sign up page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. On the TiDB Cloud order page, click **Subscribe**, and then click **Set Up your Account** to go to the TiDB Cloud sign-up page.
```

> 6. On the TiDB Cloud sign up page, click **Sign in** to link your AWS account to TiDB Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. On the TiDB Cloud sign-up page, click **Sign in** to link your AWS account to TiDB Cloud.
```

7. On the **Link to Your AWS Billing Account** page, select an existing organization and click **Link** to link with your AWS account.

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > The existing payment method for this organization will be replaced by your AWS billing account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > If your organization already has a payment method in TiDB Cloud, the existing payment method for this organization will be replaced by the newly added AWS billing account.
```

### Link to a Google Cloud billing account

> To link a Google Cloud billing account to an existing TiDB Cloud, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link a Google Cloud billing account to an existing TiDB Cloud account, take the following steps:
```

> 1. Log in to the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/).
> 
> 2. Navigate to the [Google Cloud Marketplace page](https://cloud.google.com/marketplace).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the [Google Cloud Marketplace page](https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace) and log in.
```

3. Search for `TiDB Cloud` and select **TiDB Cloud** in the search results.

4. On the TiDB Cloud product page, click **Subscribe**.

> 5. On the TiDB Cloud subscription page, confirm the order and click **Subscribe**. Then, click **GO TO PRODUCT PAGE** to go to the TiDB Cloud sign up page.

Reviewer: Can we split this step into two?

6. On the top notification block of the TiDB Cloud sign up page, click **Sign in** to link your Google Cloud account to TiDB Cloud.

7. On the **Link to Your GCP Billing Account** page, select an existing organization and click **Link** to link with your Google Cloud account.

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > The existing payment method for this organization will be replaced by your Google Cloud billing account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > If your organization already has a payment method in TiDB Cloud, the existing payment method for this organization will be replaced by your Google Cloud billing account.
```
